Sitting - Fix setting and keys in documentation (#9264)
acemod/ACE3: docs/wiki/feature/sitting.md

Adds the ability to sit on chairs.

## 2. Usage

> Please note that to be able to use this function the sitting setting needs to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that to be able to use this, sitting needs to be enabled in the CBA Settings.
```
